Okay.
So in the previous lesson we got our first passing test in the job listings test suite and I propose
that we use this exact same code to try to fix all of the follow up failing tests.
Because remember, all of the other tests are failing for the exact same reason.
They all need a mock view store that's going to have a state property with jobs and that's required.
So this line right here, line 68, can run and slice that array.
And in addition, they need a store that's going to have a dispatch method so that the mounted life
cycle hook can run it.
Right?
So what we're going to do is we're going to copy this section right here and we're going to paste it
into every other test in our in our file.
In fact, remember that we're creating the store and then we're providing it to our create config function
as the second argument.
We do that on the line below and that logic is also repeated in every single test.
So in addition to copying the store, I'm going to copy the line below that creates the actual component
wrapper.
So going to copy that and let's paste it everywhere.
So I'm going to scroll down here and right here we still need our root object, but I do need to replace
this line right here where we are creating a wrapper.
I'm going to paste my new store as well as my copied wrapper creation code from the function above.
All right.
I'm going to repeat that throughout the remainder of the test suite.
So right here below root, but replacing the old wrapper code, paste our code.
Let me save that.
When we proceed downwards right here below the root creation, I'm going to remove the former wrapper
constant, replace it with my copy code from above.
Continue down below, do the exact same thing here keep the root Replace the old wrapper constant Move
down right here Delete the rapper Paste our old code down here delete the wrapper, paste the code with
the state and the store.
Save that and let's give it a second for it to run.
And bingo, our test suite is completely passing that simple change fixed everything, which makes sense
because when we introduced the X, we kind of broke everything, but we broke everything in the exact
same way.
We made our component reliant on view X and none of our component tests in our test.
We knew of that, right?
So now we gave them a fake store.
We gave them a JavaScript object that can play the role of a view store.
It has a state property, it has a dispatch method, and then we simply provided it to the store, or
rather to the configuration of the test suite.
So now our tests know of what this that dollar sign store represent and they're able to utilize our
object, right?
So in the very next lesson, we'll see how we can refactor our current design, but we do have a passing
test suite, so that is a good bit of progress.